README.md, before:

![alt text](./examples/center_lane_driving.png)
# Behavioral Cloning Project

[![Udacity - Self-Driving Car NanoDegree](https://s3.amazonaws.com/udacity-sdc/github/shield-carnd.svg)](http://www.udacity.com/drive)

Overview
---

This deep learning project, implements a convolutional neural network (CNN) based on an [architecture developed by NVIDIA](https://devblogs.nvidia.com/deep-learning-self-driving-cars/), to clone driving behavior. The model is trained, validated and tested using Keras. The model outputs a steering angle to an autonomous vehicle.

The included simulator is used to steer a car around a track for data collection. The image data and steering angles are used to train a neural network. The neural network model is used to drive the car autonomously around the track.

A detailed writeup of the the steps taken to complete the project can be found [here](./writeup_report.md) 

Main project files: 
* model.py (script used to create and train the model)
* drive.py (script to drive the ca)
* model.h5 (a trained Keras model)
* writeup_report.md (a detailed writeup)
* video.mp4 (a video demo of the vehicle driving autonomously around the track)

NVIDIA Model Architecture:
![NVIDIA Model Architecture](./examples/cnn_architecture.png "NVIDIA Model Architecture")


The Project
---
The steps of this project are the following:
* Use the simulator to collect data of good driving behavior 
* Design, train and validate a model that predicts a steering angle from image data
* Use the model to drive the vehicle autonomously around the first track in the simulator. The vehicle should remain on the road for an entire loop around the track.
* Summarize the results with a written report


### Dependencies
This lab requires:

* [CarND Term1 Starter Kit](https://github.com/udacity/CarND-Term1-Starter-Kit)

The lab enviroment can be created with CarND Term1 Starter Kit. Click [here](https://github.com/udacity/CarND-Term1-Starter-Kit/blob/master/README.md) for the details.

## Details About Files In This Directory

### `drive.py`

Usage of `drive.py` requires you have saved the trained model as an h5 file, i.e. `model.h5`. See the [Keras documentation](https://keras.io/getting-started/faq/#how-can-i-save-a-keras-model) for how to create this file using the following command:
```sh
model.save(filepath)
```

Once the model has been saved, it can be used with drive.py using this command:

```sh
python drive.py model.h5
```

The above command will load the trained model and use the model to make predictions on individual images in real-time and send the predicted angle back to the server via a websocket connection.

Note: There is known local system's setting issue with replacing "," with "." when using drive.py. When this happens it can make predicted steering values clipped to max/min values. If this occurs, a known fix for this is to add "export LANG=en_US.utf8" to the bashrc file.

#### Saving a video of the autonomous agent

```sh
python drive.py model.h5 run1
```

The fourth argument, `run1`, is the directory in which to save the images seen by the agent. If the directory already exists, it'll be overwritten.

```sh
ls run1

[2017-01-09 16:10:23 EST]  12KiB 2017_01_09_21_10_23_424.jpg
[2017-01-09 16:10:23 EST]  12KiB 2017_01_09_21_10_23_451.jpg
[2017-01-09 16:10:23 EST]  12KiB 2017_01_09_21_10_23_477.jpg
[2017-01-09 16:10:23 EST]  12KiB 2017_01_09_21_10_23_528.jpg
[2017-01-09 16:10:23 EST]  12KiB 2017_01_09_21_10_23_573.jpg
[2017-01-09 16:10:23 EST]  12KiB 2017_01_09_21_10_23_618.jpg
[2017-01-09 16:10:23 EST]  12KiB 2017_01_09_21_10_23_697.jpg
[2017-01-09 16:10:23 EST]  12KiB 2017_01_09_21_10_23_723.jpg
[2017-01-09 16:10:23 EST]  12KiB 2017_01_09_21_10_23_749.jpg
[2017-01-09 16:10:23 EST]  12KiB 2017_01_09_21_10_23_817.jpg
...
```

The image file name is a timestamp of when the image was seen. This information is used by `video.py` to create a chronological video of the agent driving.

### `video.py`

```sh
python video.py run1
```

Creates a video based on images found in the `run1` directory. The name of the video will be the name of the directory followed by `'.mp4'`, so, in this case the video will be `run1.mp4`.

Optionally, one can specify the FPS (frames per second) of the video:

```sh
python video.py run1 --fps 48
```

Will run the video at 48 FPS. The default FPS is 60.

Commit message:

docs: Add demo link to README

README.md, after:

![alt text](./examples/center_lane_driving.png)
# Behavioral Cloning Project

[![Udacity - Self-Driving Car NanoDegree](https://s3.amazonaws.com/udacity-sdc/github/shield-carnd.svg)](http://www.udacity.com/drive)

Overview
---

This deep learning project, implements a convolutional neural network (CNN) based on an [architecture developed by NVIDIA](https://devblogs.nvidia.com/deep-learning-self-driving-cars/), to clone driving behavior. The model is trained, validated and tested using Keras. The model outputs a steering angle to an autonomous vehicle.

The included simulator is used to steer a car around a track for data collection. The image data and steering angles are used to train a neural network. The neural network model is used to drive the car autonomously around the track.

A detailed writeup of the the steps taken to complete the project can be found [here](./writeup_report.md). A demo video of the simulator car driving using the trained CNN can be found [here](./video.mp4).

Main project files: 
* model.py (script used to create and train the model)
* drive.py (script to drive the ca)
* model.h5 (a trained Keras model)
* writeup_report.md (a detailed writeup)
* video.mp4 (a video demo of the vehicle driving autonomously around the track)

NVIDIA Model Architecture:


![NVIDIA Model Architecture](./examples/cnn_architecture.png "NVIDIA Model Architecture")


The Project
---
The steps of this project are the following:
* Use the simulator to collect data of good driving behavior 
* Design, train and validate a model that predicts a steering angle from image data
* Use the model to drive the vehicle autonomously around the first track in the simulator. The vehicle should remain on the road for an entire loop around the track.
* Summarize the results with a written report


### Dependencies
This lab requires:

* [CarND Term1 Starter Kit](https://github.com/udacity/CarND-Term1-Starter-Kit)

The lab enviroment can be created with CarND Term1 Starter Kit. Click [here](https://github.com/udacity/CarND-Term1-Starter-Kit/blob/master/README.md) for the details.

## Details About Files In This Directory

### `drive.py`

Usage of `drive.py` requires you have saved the trained model as an h5 file, i.e. `model.h5`. See the [Keras documentation](https://keras.io/getting-started/faq/#how-can-i-save-a-keras-model) for how to create this file using the following command:
```sh
model.save(filepath)
```

Once the model has been saved, it can be used with drive.py using this command:

```sh
python drive.py model.h5
```

The above command will load the trained model and use the model to make predictions on individual images in real-time and send the predicted angle back to the server via a websocket connection.

Note: There is known local system's setting issue with replacing "," with "." when using drive.py. When this happens it can make predicted steering values clipped to max/min values. If this occurs, a known fix for this is to add "export LANG=en_US.utf8" to the bashrc file.

#### Saving a video of the autonomous agent

```sh
python drive.py model.h5 run1
```

The fourth argument, `run1`, is the directory in which to save the images seen by the agent. If the directory already exists, it'll be overwritten.

```sh
ls run1

[2017-01-09 16:10:23 EST]  12KiB 2017_01_09_21_10_23_424.jpg
[2017-01-09 16:10:23 EST]  12KiB 2017_01_09_21_10_23_451.jpg
[2017-01-09 16:10:23 EST]  12KiB 2017_01_09_21_10_23_477.jpg
[2017-01-09 16:10:23 EST]  12KiB 2017_01_09_21_10_23_528.jpg
[2017-01-09 16:10:23 EST]  12KiB 2017_01_09_21_10_23_573.jpg
[2017-01-09 16:10:23 EST]  12KiB 2017_01_09_21_10_23_618.jpg
[2017-01-09 16:10:23 EST]  12KiB 2017_01_09_21_10_23_697.jpg
[2017-01-09 16:10:23 EST]  12KiB 2017_01_09_21_10_23_723.jpg
[2017-01-09 16:10:23 EST]  12KiB 2017_01_09_21_10_23_749.jpg
[2017-01-09 16:10:23 EST]  12KiB 2017_01_09_21_10_23_817.jpg
...
```

The image file name is a timestamp of when the image was seen. This information is used by `video.py` to create a chronological video of the agent driving.

### `video.py`

```sh
python video.py run1
```

Creates a video based on images found in the `run1` directory. The name of the video will be the name of the directory followed by `'.mp4'`, so, in this case the video will be `run1.mp4`.

Optionally, one can specify the FPS (frames per second) of the video:

```sh
python video.py run1 --fps 48
```

Will run the video at 48 FPS. The default FPS is 60.
